With all the proper knowledge and skills, the important part is to accomplish the tasks and jobs to grow in the career path.
d. Goal Setting

The third step in the career planning is to set short-term as well as long-term career goals for oneself, and to have a clear career path.
b. Set Career Objectives

The first step in career development is self-assessment which means that the individual has to assess oneself.
b. TRUE

Career path is a series of positions one takes and an opportunity to achieve overall positive career development.
a. TRUE

In career planning, self-assessment is not necessary.
a. FALSE

It represents individuals' patterns of transitions between organizations and within organizations in the course of their work lives.
a. Career mobility

It mainly refers to the growth or trajectory of the employee in an organization(s) in one's overall career.
d. Career path

It involves training new skills, moving to higher job responsibilities, making a career change within the same organization.
a. Career Development

The first step in the career planning process is self-assessment by the individual to understand their skills, areas of interest, aspirations, etc.
a. TRUE

The career planning process is an essential aspect of business development.
b. TRUE

Goal setting is the process of looking at oneself to assess aspects that are important to one's identity.
b. FALSE

Continuous and repetitive efforts can help in the career development of an employee.
a. TRUE

External career path moves a person into different roles in the same organization across the tenure.
a. FALSE

If there is no career planning, then the career of an individual would be controlled by external factors and circumstances.
b. TRUE

Successful career decisions are based on past and inaccurate information.
a. FALSE

A career can be defined as a person's progress within an occupation or series of occupations.
b. TRUE

This stage begins when we start the search for work and also includes accepting the first job, acceptance by peers, learning about the job.
b. Establishment

It is necessary for career planning to understand one's capabilities and drawbacks.
d. Self-Assessment

It is an individual activity that occurs throughout a person's working lifetime.
c. Career

The series of various positions and job roles an employee works in as one grows in multiple organizations throughout the career.
b. Career path

The last step in career development is where one defines precise short-term and long-term goals.
b. FALSE

This is the stage where we start searching for different career opportunities.
c. Exploration

Career path is the series of various positions and job roles an employee works in as one grows in multiple organizations throughout the career.
b. TRUE

It is defined as a person's progress within an occupation or series of occupations.
b. Career

The sixth step is to short-list the companies where an individual is seeking a job & start applying.
a. Job/Work Search

This is an essential step in career development because this is where one defines clear short-term and long-term objectives.
c. Goal Setting

Once the career and goals are set, one needs to acquire the right abilities to achieve growth.
a. Skill Training

It often derive a person's overall job satisfaction levels throughout the tenue of the job or career.
c. Career Stages

This career path moves a person into different roles in the same organization across the tenure.
b. Internal

A career stage in which neither the person is learning about their jobs nor they are expected to outdo their level of performance from previous years.
d. Late Career

It is the series of activities or the ongoing/lifelong process of developing one's career, which includes regularly defining new goals and acquiring skills to achieve them.
d. Career Development

Internal career path is where one moves across different organizations or even industries to move ahead.
a. FALSE

A step-wise process which enables an individual to focus on where to want to be in life professionally.
c. Career Planning

The second step in the career planning process is to understand the career options, companies available, and growth options in career etc.
a. FALSE

The last stage in one's career is usually marked by retirement.
a. Decline

It is the process of looking at oneself to assess aspects that are important to one's identity.
c. Self-assessment

A formal document that a job applicant creates to itemize their qualifications for a position.
d. Resume

Company is not responsible for ensuring that its employees move in career paths the way they want to.
• b. FALSE

It is marked by continuous improvement in the performance, leveling off in the performance, and beginning of deterioration process.
b. Establishment

It has to be properly planned and organized.
a. Career mobility

It is directly related to job advancement and career development, and personal satisfaction.
b. Career mobility

It is an important aspect for an individual's career development.
b. Career Planning

The last step in the career planning process is to continuously evaluate the career goals and again do a self-assessment to build a strong career path.
a. Revise Career Goals

It refers to various phases an employee or a business professional goes through while working through the overall tenure of the career.
a. Career Stages

The fourth step in the process is to keep acquiring new skills and knowledge to be in line with career objectives and with industry requirements.
a. Learn &amp; Improve Skills

This career path is where one moves across different organizations or even industries to move ahead.
d. External

Career planning is a step-wise process which enables an individual to focus on where to want to be in life professionally.
b. TRUE

The career planning process is ongoing and sequential.
b. TRUE

The last step the career planning process is the preparation of a CV, cover letter, recommendations, etc.
b. FALSE

Career development involves training new skills, moving to higher job responsibilities, making a career change within the same organization.
a. TRUE